Migrate tasks 1.10-1.15 from Measurements to Distinguishing States kata (#1622)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/distinguishing_states/two_orthogonal_three_qubit/solution.md

Let's find a unitary transformation that converts the state $\ket{S_0}$ to the basis state $\ket{000}$. To do this, we first apply a unitary operation that maps the first state to the W state 
$\frac{1}{\sqrt{3}} \big(\ket{100} + \ket{010} + \ket{001}\big)$.

> > We will use a convenient rotation gate $R_1$ which applies a relative phase to the $\ket{1}$ state and doesn't change the $\ket{0}$ state.
> > In matrix form: 
> >
> > $$R_1(\theta) = \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 \\ 0 & e^{i\theta} \end{bmatrix} $$

Reviewer: This reads a bit oddly as a note, as if we're explaining how we prepare W state rather than what happens next. Let's rephrase
```suggestion
After this, we will use a convenient rotation gate $R_1$ which applies a relative phase to the $\ket{1}$ state and doesn't change the $\ket{0}$ state.
In matrix form: 

$$R_1(\theta) = \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 \\ 0 & e^{i\theta} \end{bmatrix} $$
```

This can be accomplished by a tensor product 
$I \otimes R_1(-\frac{2\pi}{3}) \otimes R_1(-\frac{4\pi}{3})$, where

* $I$ is the identity gate applied to qubit 0,
* $R_1(-\frac{2\pi}{3}) = \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 \\ 0 & \omega^{-1} \end{bmatrix}$, applied to qubit 1,
* $R_1(-\frac{4\pi}{3}) = \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 \\ 0 & \omega^{-2} \end{bmatrix}$, applied to qubit 2.

> Note that applying this operation to the state $\ket{S_1}$ converts it to $\frac{1}{\sqrt{3}} \big (\ket{100} + \omega \ket{010} + \omega^2 \ket{001} \big)$.

> Now we can use adjoint of the state preparation routine for W state (from task W state on an arbitrary number of qubits of the Superposition kata), which will map the W state to the state $\ket{000}$ and the second state to some other state $\ket{S'_1}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can use adjoint of the state preparation routine for W state (from task "W State on Arbitrary Number of Qubits" of the Preparing Quantum States kata), which will map the W state to the state $\ket{000}$ and the second state to some other state $\ket{S'_1}$.
```
